feat: add example for multi value search (#332)
appbaseio/Docs: content/docs/search/reactivesearch-api/reference.md

You can check the `value` format for different `type` of queries:

#### format for `search` type

> The value can be a `string`, `Array<string>` or `int`. The `Array<string>` format represents the multiple values to be searched on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value can be a `string` or an `Array<string>`. The `Array<string>` format is interpreted as multiple values to be searched on.
```

**Example Playground**:
<iframe src="https://play.reactivesearch.io/embed/FX3oGSB8xhqnyXyKsPYe"  style="width:100%; height:100%; border:1px solid;  overflow:hidden;min-height:400px;"   title="rs-playground-Nbpi1vkkywun82Z8aqFP"></iframe>

**Example Playground (multi-value search)**:
<iframe src=https://play.reactivesearch.io/embed/e4RjjbQpQlFw7h61RKyz     style="width:100%; height:100%; border:1px solid;  overflow:hidden;min-height:400px;"     title=rs-playground-e4RjjbQpQlFw7h61RKyz   ></iframe>

#### format for `suggestion` type

> The value can be a `string` or `int`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value can be a `string`.
```
